`npm install`

and then execute

`node app`

to run the API. Before running the app, follow these instruction to set up the .env variables, or check the .env-sample file to read how the .env file should be compiled.

Create a .env file with the following details, and give the parameters the correct values according to your configuration.
The value in BBDD must be either "sql" or "mongo" to choose the database you wish to work with.

For example: <br>
`PORT = 5000` <br>
`BBDD = sql` or `BBDD = mongo` 


Sample parameters for Sequelize (change them according to your configuration): <br>
`DATABASE = diceGame` <br>
`USERNAME_SQL = root` <br>
`PASSWORD_SQL = 1234` <br>
`HOST_SQL = 127.0.0.1` <br>

Sample parameters for Mongo (change them according to your configuration), and set the `DATABASE = ` as well:

`CONNECTIONURL = mongodb://localhost:27017/`

And finally, write some text for the JWT private Key: <br>
`JWTPRIVATEKEY = someRandomText`


The JWT is generated by the `http://localhost:PORT/login` route; copy it from the response body and add it to the preset header key `"x-auth-token"` in each route.

Use the attached Postman Collection to use the API.

When creating a user, you can:
- assign the key "name" the value you wish
- assign it the value of an empty string to create an anonimous player
- totally delete the req.body to create an anonimous player

For MongoDB, the API will check if there is a database with the same name - case insensitive - on your machine and drop it as soon as you start the api to avoid this error, which comes from having a database with the same name but with different capitalized letters: <br>
`{`<br>
`"index": 0,`<br>
`"code": 13297`<br>
`}`<br>

The .env-example file also contains some settings for the debug module, which is used in the mongo implementation of the API to log the returns of the controllers. Leave `app:controllers` to console.log the debugger messages, or delete the `DEBUGGER = `value to hide the logs.
